Add compat sets to authoring format (#4015)
web-platform-dx/web-features: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

| `spec` | One or more specification URLs for this feature. | String, or array of strings | Yes |
| `group` | An optional group, or list of groups that this feature belongs to. See the definition of groups under [Create a new feature from scratch](#create-a-new-feature-from-scratch). | String, or array of strings | No |
| `caniuse` | The feature's ID on the [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com/) website. | String | No |

> | `compat_features` | @mdn/browser-compat-data (BCD) entry keys (e.g., `css.properties.background-color`) that make up this feature. This is typically an array of strings. Less commonly, an object consisting of three arrays of strings, `core`, `modifiers`, and `incidentals`. Different validation rules apply the three lists. When in doubt, use a plain array. If `compat_features` is not set in `<feature-id>.yml`, the `dist` script will populate `compat_features` in `<feature-id>.yml.dist` with BCD entry keys tagged with `web-features:<feature-id>` in BCD, if any exist. | Array of strings or object | No |

Reviewer: Say here which set keys end up by default? Sounds like a plain array is a shorthand for something.

> | `compat_features` | @mdn/browser-compat-data (BCD) entry keys (e.g., `css.properties.background-color`) that make up this feature. This is typically an array of strings. Less commonly, an object consisting of three arrays of strings, `core`, `modifiers`, and `incidentals`. Different validation rules apply the three lists. When in doubt, use a plain array. If `compat_features` is not set in `<feature-id>.yml`, the `dist` script will populate `compat_features` in `<feature-id>.yml.dist` with BCD entry keys tagged with `web-features:<feature-id>` in BCD, if any exist. | Array of strings or object | No |

Author: ```suggestion
| `compat_features` | @mdn/browser-compat-data (BCD) entry keys (e.g., `css.properties.background-color`) that make up this feature. This is typically an array of strings. Less commonly, an object consisting of three arrays of strings, `core`, `modifier`, and `spare`. Different validation rules apply the three lists. When in doubt, use a plain array. If `compat_features` is not set in `<feature-id>.yml`, the `dist` script will populate `compat_features` in `<feature-id>.yml.dist` with BCD entry keys tagged with `web-features:<feature-id>` in BCD, if any exist. | Array of strings or object | No |
```

Philip suggested to me that having the sets being alphabetically sorted would be nice. I looked around for some alternatives and kind liked "spare" as having multiple meanings (e.g., unused as in a 'spare house key', superfluous as in a 'spare heir', and to refrain as in 'to spare from'). We could also have the number agreement: core, modifier, spare (no mixing plurals). I'm going to make a change on this.
